[docs] Expand the EAS Metadata documentation (#19028)
expo/expo: docs/pages/eas/metadata/schema.md

---
title: Config schema for EAS Metadata
sidebar_title: Store config schema
sidebar_depth: 4
---

import { Callout } from '~/ui/components/Callout';
import { Collapsible } from '~/ui/components/Collapsible';
import { markdownComponents as MD } from '~/ui/components/Markdown';
import { CodeBlocksTable } from '~/components/plugins/CodeBlocksTable';
import {
  MetadataTable,
  MetadataSubcategories,
  MetadataNameCell,
  MetadataTypeCell,
  MetadataDescriptionCell,
} from '~/components/plugins/EasMetadataTable';

<Callout type="warning">
  EAS Metadata is in beta and subject to breaking changes.
</Callout>
<br />

> The store config in EAS Metadata is a large object containing information that otherwise would be provided manually through the app store dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The store config in EAS Metadata contains information that otherwise would be provided manually through the app store dashboards.
```
